Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
(Ju Ji Hoon)
(Ha Ji Won)
(Nana)
(Cha Joo Young)
(Oh Jung Se)
(Climax)
(This drama is a work of fiction.)
(Characters. places.
and events are not real.)
(Children and animals were
filmed under production guidelines.)
(Episode 2)
Hello. Mayor Nam. I'm Bae Yun Seong.
Yes. So you're here.
You're much cuter in person.
- Come have a seat.
- Okay.
When you wake up tomorrow morning.
you're going to be a star.
The person you're calling is unavailable.
Connecting to voicemail...
(Bang Tae Seop)
Call me Byeol.
I'm sorry?
Byeol. Kim Byeol.
Kim Byeol.
Call me Byeol.
Hello. Mayor Nam Hye Hun.
What? Who are you?
What...
Who are you? What are you doing here?
- Hey!
- I'm sorry! Please. spare me!
Darn it!
- Mayor. hold on!
- You...
Hey. wait a minute...
Hey!
I'm sorry. Please spare me.
Is anyone out there? What's going on?
Hey! You...
Is anyone out there? Hey!
We must ensure our precious children...
can grow up healthier and safer.
Seoam City and I will lead the way.
Hey!
All right. should we take a picture? Okay.
Hi. kids. You're all so cute!
- Hi.
- Okay. I'll take the picture.
On three. "Seoam City!" One. two...
- Seoam City!
Hey!
Is anyone out there? Hey!
Okay. one more time. One. two. three.
- Seoam City!
Look at them.
So happy. with no clue
how messed up the world is.
Reminds me of a certain
someone who went wild last night.
It's quite a masterpiece.
Too bad it won't ever be released. though.
We'll see about that.
By the way. Bang Tae Seop.
You do look better in person.
Why would a clean-cut guy
like you pull a stunt like this?
Because the stench of corruption
from Mayor Nam was so strong.
I could smell it from miles away.
All I smell is the reek
of your own ambition.
Is my ambition...
any worse than yours when you cosied up...
to Chairman Kwon Se Myeong?
Spare me the wordplay.
Tell me why you've walked
right into the lion's den.
What is it? You need money?
Your husband used to be
crazy about Chu Sang Ah...
and even had a relationship with her.
Anyone who knows anything knows that.
Well. Sang Ah was the
face of WR for a long time.
So while I get that you
have a victim complex...
when it comes to her.
don't you dare mess
with my wife like this again.
This is your only warning.
Spare me the melodrama.
Hey. Bang Tae Seop.
Have you completely lost your mind?
You're talking to Lee Yang Mi.
You'll be fired from the
prosecution with one phone call.
I couldn't care less
about that rotten place.
One more thing.
You'd better think
carefully about yourself.
You don't seem to realise
who's holding all the cards.
do you?
What do you think?
Should I just leak the video everywhere?
You little...
If my wife weren't involved.
I'd have released it already.
But for now. I'll hang on to it.
Let's never see each other again.
You've got some nerve.
So much that it's attractive.
By the way. Bang Tae Seop.
I hear Park Jae Sang is
getting out of prison soon.
I heard he wrote and
called Sang Ah a lot...
while he was in prison.
They must've been really close. Right?
(Climax)
Where were you last night?
I couldn't get ahold of you all night.
After what happened yesterday.
I was with CEO Eom and Yun
Seong all night doing damage control.
What happened?
What exactly did you know?
I only received intel
about Mayor Nam's issue.
I didn't know your company was involved.
I wouldn't have touched it if I'd known.
So what are you going to do now?
What do you want me to do?
I know this is an important case for you.
but for my sake.
I need you to bury it.
The last couple of days
have been torment for me.
And I have no idea how I'm
going to handle the fallout.
As you know. Lee Yang
Mi is involved in this.
and it's not a good idea
to get on her bad side.
This will hang over our heads forever.
So for my sake.
and for your own.
just let this go.
Then in return.
can you give me an honest
answer to my question?
Are you hiding something from me lately?
Prosecutor Bang.
What are you trying to find out?
Park Jae Sang.
What about him?
It's just...
Has he...
contacted you or anything?
No.
He hasn't.
Okay.
You must be exhausted
after everything that happened.
Sorry for bringing it up.
You're right.
That's not exactly a name I like to hear.
I'm tired. I'm going to
shower and head to bed.
(How have you been?)
(I'll be getting out soon.)
(I thought you'd visit once.
but it seems you're all talk.)
(Park Jae Sang)
The woman...
has something to hide from the man.
And the man...
is suspicious of the woman.
Their glamorous first meeting.
Behind it...
lies a dark past.
I hear Park Jae Sang is
getting out of prison soon.
I heard he wrote and
called Sang Ah a lot...
while he was in prison.
They must've been really close. Right?
(Seoam Central Prosecutors' Office)
(Unlock Drive. Enter password)
(Drive unlocked)
(Case Files)
(Violent Crimes Files)
(2018)
(Case No. 2018-NO-0234: Bribery)
(Case No. 2018-NO-1087: Murder)
(Park Jae Sang Case: Crime Scene Evidence)
(Park Jae Sang Crime Reenactment: Route)
(Park Jae Sang Crime Reenactment File 1)
(Park Jae Sang Crime Reenactment File 2)
(Park Jae Sang Crime Reenactment File 3)
The reason this couple
is afraid of each other.
and...
the reason they can't trust each other...
is because their story...
actually began with a murder.
(Their story actually began)
(with a murder.)
(All revealed... In the
audio recordings...)
Only one person saw the true
face behind Chu Sang Ah's mask.
But he...
is no longer with us.
(But he is no longer with us.)
(HG Bank Deposit: 100.000
dollars. Verification Required)
(Time detail will be shared later)
Because...
he was murdered.
(Because he was murdered.)
Hey.
Hey. snap out of it.
Are you okay?
It wasn't me.
I'm telling you. it wasn't me!
Bang.
- Bang...
- Darn it.
And cut!
Is this a toy gun?
- I'm sorry.
- What's the hold up? Let's go.
- Her knee pad ripped.
- Are you all right?
- That must've really hurt.
- It's fine.
- Get the first aid kit.
- This is a nightmare.
I thought the SFX and directing teams...
already checked this.
- I'm sorry.
- It's all right. It happens.
- Don't take it out on the staff.
- Right.
Yes?
They need you back at the
bus for a makeup touch-up.
Got it.
Su Jeong. come take a look at this.
Okay.
Ms. Chu. that stand-in you requested...
has just arrived.
Yes. Right this way.
There she is.
Hello.
You said you wanted to be an
actress when you were little. right?
This is the movie Sang
Ah is shooting right now.
I've already spoken
to the person in charge.
so you can start immediately.
What's my part?
A stand-in.
You stand in for the
lead during camera tests.
The lead uses you to
check their route and things.
you know. as a reference.
So. like a shadow.
My wife is hiding something.
I need you to be her shadow...
and tail her for me.
Action!
Gosh...
That stand-in is surprisingly good.
("The Seed Of Tears")
You're an aspiring actress. right?
Yes.
Was it your first time as a stand-in?
You were amazing.
Not at all.
I was a bit nervous
performing in front Ms. Chu.
I need you to dig into this.
Sooner or later. you'll
find some suspicious guy.
Find out when they call and
meet. and what they talk about.
Tap her phone or tail her...
Just tell me anything you find.
But...
do you really have to go this far?
It could be like opening
Pandora's box. right?
If someone's going to open it.
then it might as well be me who does it.
This should be fun.
- It's time to get changed.
- Okay.
I'm just going to use the restroom.
Isn't that weird?
- Yes. like that.
- Is this okay? Like this?
- But just a little...
- Right.
Ms. Chu.
I think we may have switched
phones in the makeup room.
Hey.
You did great today.
Thanks for your hard work.
Thank you.
See you around.
She reminds me a bit of that actress
you did a movie with a while back.
Han Ji Soo. was it?
I'll get going.
Han Ji Soo...
(Han Ji Soo)
(Han Ji Soo. Model. Actress)
(Died: May 11. 2016)
I need to take this.
This is a call from Cheongseong
Correctional Facility.
This call may be monitored or recorded.
(Prosecutor Bang Tae Seop)
It's me.
Hey. Jae Sang.
How have you been?
I got your letter.
You said you were getting out?
That's right.
I guess we'll be seeing each other soon.
I'll be waiting.
You didn't tell Bang Tae Seop. did you?
I didn't.
I had a visitor.
They said they would help me expose
what happened with Oh Gwang Jae.
So I was about to just...
spill everything. but...
This is me giving you one last chance.
Okay. Jae Sang.
Let's just meet first.
Let's meet and talk it over.
Okay.
Please. we need to meet.
Just us.
(Prosecutor Bang Tae Seop)
(Lee Yang Mi. METUBE Livestream Preview)
(Why the couple Chu Sang Ah
and Bang Tae Seop fear each other)
(Choi Ji Ho's Fact Check METUBE)
(Breaking news: Livestream teaser)
(A seemingly perfect couple)
(Why the couple Chu Sang Ah
and Bang Tae Seop fear each other)
(Because their story
actually begins with a murder.)
(Prosecutor Bang Tae Seop)
Killer writing. right?
What do you think you're doing?
It just seemed...
like a waste to keep such
a juicy story all to myself.
And the more I thought about
what you ruined that night.
the more I got pissed
that I let you off so easily.
And you have a ticking time bomb
that you could set off at any time.
So I thought I'd be considerate
and send a little warning shot.
If you bury that bomb for good.
then there won't be any follow-up stories.
Even if I do.
what guarantee do I
have that you'll drop it too?
That all depends on...
how you all choose to grovel from now on.
If you just let me walk all over you.
Chu Sang Ah will get her career back. too.
But it's already a bit tarnished.
so who knows if she'll ever fully recover.
Anyway. don't try anything stupid.
Just lay low.
Okay?
(WR Hotel and Resort)
(Under Maintenance)
I'm exhausted.
Nam Hye Hun. the first
female mayor of Seoam...
- and a front-runner...
- Director Lee.
In the presidential election.
has been revealed to have held...
secret meetings with key
political and business figures.
receiving sexual services in return.
Bang Tae Seop. a prosecutor
from Criminal Division One...
of the Seoam Central Prosecutors' Office.
leaked evidence backing the
claims to a news outlet this morning.
That crazy...
Darn it!
Oh my gosh...
- Hye Hun...
- Mayor!
You can't go in there.
- Open this door.
- You can't go in...
- Get out of my way!
- Hye Hun!
- Hey. open the door!
- Hye Hun. wait!
What do I do? Oh. gosh! Hey!
You...
- Hye Hun!
- Hey!
- Get over here!
Wait listen!
I tried to make a deal to
shut Bang Tae Seop up.
but he...
How...
are you going to clean this up?
You worthless piece of trash!
I was crazy to ever trust you!
You...
Since you're the child of a mistress.
it's no wonder all you can do is
be Kwon Se Myeong's little pimp!
I told you to leave my family out of this!
- Hey!
You tramp!
Meanwhile. Bang Tae Seop of
the Seohan Prosecutors’ Office...
is the husband of actress Chu Sang Ah.
and one of the individuals
implicated in this scandal...
is suspected of being a
close associate of Ms. Chu.
This adds to the shock.
as it seems to be a leak
from within the family.
Prosecutor Bang has hard evidence
related to Mayor Nam's corruption.
and will hold a press conference
at 2pm today to make it public.
What's going on?
This is insane.
What is all this? Is this for real?
(CEO Eom Seung Beom)
- Yes.
- Yun Seong's phone is off.
I think he's gone into hiding.
Alright.
There she is.
- Sang Ah!
- What's with you people!
- Ms. Chu Sang Ah. any comment?
- Ms. Chu Sang Ah!
Hey. close the door!
Just a moment. would you care to comment?
What do we do?
- Ms. Chu Sang Ah!
- A moment. please!
Hang on. I'll go get the car.
Just one comment. please.
Ms. Chu Sang Ah!
- There she is.
- There she is!
- Ms. Chu!
- Ms. Chu Sang Ah!
- Please. just one word!
Were you aware of what was going
on with Nam Hye Hun and Lee Yang Mi?
Get out of the way!
Please. just...
Did you anticipate this revelation?
What's your response?
Chu Sang Ah! Ms. Chu!
Just one comment. please.
- What?
- What's happening?
Wait. that's not her.
That's not Chu Sang Ah!
- Over there!
- There!
- That's her!
- Chu Sang Ah!
- Darn it. We lost her.
- Darn it.
- Shoot.
- How did she give us the slip?
- What was that?
(Bang Tae Seop)
Where are you?
How could you go behind my back?
I begged you.
Didn't you care if my name got
dragged through the mud on the news?
Was getting your name
out there that important?
Lee Yang Mi...
is digging into the Oh Gwang Jae case.
What?
While you were hiding the fact
that Park Jae Sang contacted you.
Lee Yang Mi has been
dredging up that case...
to stir up a hornet's nest.
Have you...
been digging into my past?
I was the prosecutor on that case.
Park Jae Sang is a murder
suspect who killed someone...
because he was obsessed with you.
Even if he threatened you
to keep your mouth shut.
you should've...
you should have told me.
I didn't want to get you involved
with Park Jae Sang again.
I didn't want to provoke him
and thought I had it under control.
But look at what a mess you've made!
This was the only choice
I had. Don't you get it?
While I have Nam Hye Hun's video.
Lee Yang Mi will use you as
bait to crush me completely.
And I can't just let her crush me.
I can't go back to the prosecution. either.
Don't you...
ever think about me?
In all of this. you just...
have to play the victim.
No!
For me. surviving as an actress...
by finding my place again
and shining as an actress...
is my only reason to live. Do you get it?
That's why I can't turn
my back on Lee Yang Mi!
Not her. Let's find another way.
There is no other way.
- Sang Ah.
- So stop.
I'm begging you.
Sang Ah.
If you take this any further.
then we're over.
We'll become enemies.
Understood.
I'll be leaving shortly.
I'm sorry.
I'll come back after I take care of this.
We'll talk later.
Hello. everyone.
My name is...
Bae Yun Seong. and I am an actor.
I stand here today...
having summoned a great deal of courage.
I am just a powerless rookie actor.
I want to be free from this suffering.
If they get a two-shot of
us. his story will be buried.
Forced to entertain clients...
was so painful that I wanted to die.
But seeing what happened...
to the veteran actors who refused.
- Made me terrified.
I feared I'd never become the
actor I so desperately wanted to be.
I was so incredibly scared.
Cry.
(Actor Bae Yun Seong's
Emergency Press Conference)
Pathetic.
Chu Sang Ah...
did everything she could to protect me.
(Real time Chatting)
She told me to blame it on her.
saying that it wasn't my fault.
She tried to talk me out
of it until the very end.
Looking back on that decision now.
I feel nothing but deep regret...
and shame.
Keep going.
What?
If you don't fix this.
what was the drama cancellation fee again?
I'm sorry.
First. I would like to ask you all...
to give Bae Yun Seong a
round of applause for his courage.
The reason I'm exposing this.
despite my own wife's involvement.
is to end the vicious cycle trapping
not only powerless new actors.
but one that even my
own wife couldn't escape.
a corruption cycle linking showbiz
to politicians and businessmen.
Mayor Nam has taken illicit
favours on dozens of occasions.
And an apartment she got for
an actor under a false name...
has now been linked to
illegal real estate speculation.
Are rumours of Mayor Nam's
ties with WR Group true?
Given the family tie between
Chief Prosecutor Ju and Mayor Nam.
was there any internal pressure
from the prosecution to bury this?
(Chief Prosecutor Ju Man Seop)
Bury the Nam Hye Hun case.
and I'll see you get a promotion.
When we decide we want to bury someone.
you know exactly what happens. don't you?
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
I believe there are more allegations
hidden beneath the surface.
All of Mayor Nam's
past corrupt activities...
were shielded by his in-law.
Chief Prosecutor Ju Man Seop.
That's how she's been able to
avoid indictment and all charges.
I was afraid my wife would
be caught in the crossfire.
so I was torn about whether
I should just bury this.
But if I were to bury all of this.
what would that mean for the future...
of the Republic of Korea?
I'm the son of a factory
worker with nothing to lose.
I believe righting these wrongs.
even if I have to sacrifice myself.
is the duty of a true prosecutor...
of the Republic of Korea.
Thank you.
He's really laying it on thick.
Tell the legal team to make sure
there's no blowback on us from this.
Yes. ma'am.
Producer Choi. send me the
cut you've been working on.
I think it's time we release it.
Prosecutor Bang...
did this without consulting me.
I promise I'll make up
for this in other ways.
so if you could just make
sure the project isn't affected...
Chu Sang Ah.
And that's your fault. too.
I spent a lot of time thinking
about how to crush Bang Tae Seop.
how to make his ruin long and painful.
And it turns out the answer...
is you. Chu Sang Ah.
I'm going to destroy the one
thing that man cherishes most.
- Director Lee.
- So from now on.
you're going to be my little rat.
Until I've had my fill.
I'll kick you around like
a toy until you break.
For an actress whose face
is known all over the world.
I'll give you the greatest
shame and ruin imaginable.
Just you wait.
It's going to be more
entertaining than any TV show.
- Just one comment. sir!
- Please. look over here!
- Are you avoiding the question?
- Please comment.
- Please. just one comment!
- One comment. please.
(Chief Ju allegedly pressured to
end the Nam Hye Hun Gate scandal)
Chief Prosecutor Ju!
(Chaos at Seoam City Hall
after sex scandal exposé)
(Family cover-up? Ju Man Seop
blocked video of Nam Hye Hun)
(New actress in tears after
exposé: "I just wanted a normal life")
(National Petition. Mayor
Nam Hye Hun must resign!)
(Petition for Mayor Nam
Hye Hun's resignation)
(Signatures)
(Whistle blower Bang Tae
Seop: An icon for young people)
(We continue to support his cause!
From rags to the people's champion)
(Bang Tae Seop. Prosecutor Bang)
(Prosecutor Bang Tae
Seop: The birth of a quiet hero)
(Approval ratings soar:
A change built on trust)
(Passing trend or systemic shift?)
(Bang Tae Seop's interview
surpasses 100 million views!)
(Prosecutor Bang Tae Seop)
Honestly.
Look who it is!
It's our Tae Seop.
the man from TV!
He's my little brother. My actual brother.
Stop it. You're embarrassing me.
- Enjoy your meal.
- Thanks.
The prosecutor himself.
See?
I'm telling you. you're a
shoo-in for the Assembly.
Don't get carried away.
This is just the beginning. I
still have a long way to go.
This kid.
You've had it rough since you were a kid.
so you don't know how to have fun.
It's a real shame.
Oh ear.
After Dad died so unjustly.
of course I know that's
what lit a fire in your heart.
Ever since then. you were
determined to succeed.
You studied like crazy for
the bar exam and whatnot.
living like an absolute madman.
Seeing that just broke my heart.
Gosh.
Hey.
If your husband needs anything.
you should be generous and help him out.
Don't just hoard it in
your account. got it?
Oh my.
I'll be.
A position really does change a person.
Mr. Big Shot.
But what about Sang Ah?
You said she was coming with you.
Is she sick or something?
Are you two doing okay these days?
We're fine. Stop asking
silly questions and eat.
Okay. Right.
(Recent calls: Sang Ah...)
(Hwang Jung Won)
- One second.
- Alright.
Hey. talk.
I got Park Jae Sang's release date.
Dawn. next Monday.
But I see a familiar face here.
- You know METUBER Choi Ji Ho?
- Hello.
- We meet quite frequently.
Looks like he's here to see Park Jae Sang.
And this doesn't look
like his first time. either.
I've got a feeling...
things are about to get
messy. don't you think?
Mr. Choi Ji Ho. please head up this way.
Want to hear an interesting story?
This is where it all begins.
The vault of secrets that has
this entire country in its grasp.
This is where all the sordid
tales you find so juicy are born.
Where political and
entertainment stars are made...
and broken.
It's all right here.
This very house.
I'm the one who carried
the president's child.
Why else would I have settled
for being the second wife here?
Because to rule over everything.
you need this family's bloodline.
It's passed down from
one generation to the next.
and that same bloodline
continues to rule the world.
What the...
Ma'am.
If you're going to get paid.
at least do your job right.
I guess your parents were too
poor to raise you with any manners!
You're fired!
He was disgusting.
but he was my ticket to the inside.
And who knows?
Maybe you could also
sleep your way to the top.
Of course not. ma'am.
Ouch.
Hey!
Get out.
Just take it and get out of here!
Producer Choi.
So. how did it go?
I just met with Park Jae Sang.
I got his release date and the call sign.
Excellent.
This is a tent pole
project. so be meticulous.
Understood.
This contract includes
a confidentiality clause.
Please read the terms
carefully before you sign.
(Non-disclosure Agreement)
You get it. right?
This is much bigger than you think.
It is a monumental task.
After all.
we're the ones who shape the world.
I had a visitor.
They said they would help me expose
what happened with Oh Gwang Jae.
So I was about to just...
spill everything. but...
This is me giving you one last chance.
(Contacts: Kwon Seong Uk. Kwon Se Myeong. )
(Kwon Su Yeong. Kim Na Jin. Director Kim)
So from now on. you're
going to be my little rat.
For an actress whose face
is known all over the world.
I'll give you the greatest
shame and ruin imaginable.
Just you wait.
It's going to be more
entertaining than any TV show.
Where's the Chairman?
He just stepped out for a walk.
It's not like him to take a walk now.
What could be the matter?
What's the status?
Chu Sang Ah is waiting
to meet someone right now.
I think the car she's
waiting for just pulled up.
It looks like Chu Sang
Ah is about to switch cars.
I caught you.
It's been a while.
Chairman.
Kwon Se Myeong...
Get in here!
(Climax)
I think Park Jae Sang
came asking for hush money.
Chairman. if we do this. no
one will be able to touch us.
Because I have a special
talent for that sort of thing.
That was my handiwork.
This is just the beginning.
Then come to me.
Come and keep the promise you made to me.
I'm telling you.
you have no idea who Chu Sang Ah really is.
I want to be your woman.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm